my current skills and interests

my future goals


I would like to begin by thanking you for your interest in getting to know a bit about me as a professional. 
I am currently a software developer working on warehouse management software.
This particular path has provided me with valuable insights regarding the software
development life cycle. While I already had possessed knowledge related to inter-department
diplomacy and cooperation in a corporate environment, there 


I have always taken particular interest to the mechanisms which govern 














I would like to begin by thanking you for your interest in getting to know a bit
about me as a professional. 
My name is Louis, I belong to the UC Irvine graduating class of 
2019 where I graduated with a major in Business Economics. Despite my time learning and practicing rigorous mathematics and econometrics,
I opted to get involved on the more traditional business front as opposed to the more cutting edge and technical aspects of business.
After some time on a traditional managerial career route I realized that I was not making the most of the skill set I worked so hard to cultivate.
Six study-filled months later and I find myself a software developer having successfully completed my transition from client facing work to
an internal environment in the form of IT.
Today, I assist in database management, create and edit a variety of web pages on both the front-end and back-end , and
meet with C-level officers and company owners to discuss both ongoing and future programming projects.


As an aspiring full-stack developer I primarily write PHP, SQL(postgres) and JavaScript code but I would also like to spend more time 
cultivating my skills in Python, as well as take up new languages like TypeScript, Java, and R. In addition to programming and database
querying, I have an interest in pretty much anything tangentially related to math or technology. Cyber security, server management,
cryptography, machine learning, and even highly technical endeavors like kernel programming and universal algebra are objects of major interest
to me.

With the advent of my new career I find that there is an entirely new world with which to become acquainted. For as much as I have learned,
 I know that it is only a few drops in the ocean of IT, and a puddle in the world of tech. This fact does not deter me at all, rather
 it inspires me to find out just how much of this ocean and world I can map. I aspire to one day build a boat of mastery with which to 
 traverse this world, and help along those on my way.
 
 
 
 Who are you?
 -Software Developer with skills beyond my years of practice.
 What do you want?
 -Advance my skill set.
 What are you doing now?
 -Database management and development for warehouse management software.
 What previous experience do you have?
 - Development of software using php, sql, js.
 How do you describe yourself?
 -Strategic, intuitive, and practical.
 
 
 Software developer with 2 years of experience who desires continued
 growth within the logistics industry. Currently supports warehouse
 management software development in a third party logistics corporation.
 Experienced in PHP, SQL, Javascript, and several other programming/scripting
 languages on both the front-end and back-end. Proficient in working collaboratively within IT environments
 to achieve project timelines and milestones. Strategic, intuitive, and
 systems oriented thinker.
 
 
 
 Systems oriented thinker with an aptitude for translating complex abstract challenges into concrete and quantifiable forms that can be resolved with software. Strong diplomatic skills enable balancing of internal and external pressures throughout the software development process. Organized, goal-oriented, and strategic methodology cuts down the fat in the creative process, maximizing time spent on production of tangible results.
 
 